Hi, people today are going to make a super
chicken curry with jasmine rice a
recipe supertaça boró za overcome the mate
cuca
I hope you like, let's go to the
140 grams of rice
jasmine a tablespoon of salt two
packets of brown sugar one
little shoyu around 40 ml 4
mini tablets of butter a little bit
chopped onion about 30 grams 8
grams of meat powder 1 lemon one tahiti
a little bit of chopped parsley
10 to 15 grams black sesame seeds around
10 grams coconut milk 200 ml 3
pods cut in 3d 6 to 10 nuts
of cashew according to taste and two breasts
chicken first thing we will go
slice our chicken into strips then
do not be afraid to lay your hand on the
chicken to the top a tip to your board
do not slip a cloth underneath
pink cavalli I learned there
super valid just cutting our
chicken in strips
Now we're going to season with a
little salt to you
We already put the shoyu in the chicken
now we are going to put both
brown sugar tablets
Let him rest a little
while he rests and absorbs these
two flavors
I have here a pan
a little bit of olive oil in which I go
put jasmine rice
We will revoke this non- rice.
put it
and add two cups of salt tea
to facilitate I have already put the three
three cups water three cups
Americans here and I'm going to put the
rice that we do not have enough
light road and covered pan 10
minutes super fast rice while the
rice is cooking let's put
in the pan that is heating the
four tablets of butter they will
melt and we come with the onion
Leave me, I'll love it a little bit now.
that the onion already the show is beginning to
Love the people you can add the chicken
already tá
remember to watered with shoyu and sugar
brown
We'll mix it up and let it braise in
around four to five minutes
it will look caramelized
now the chicken has already channeled we will
put the carry is mixing and then the
People leave two minutes to enter.
with the rest of the ingredients
O the rice is almost almost
while we finish the chicken
We will go now with the pods and
juice
of lemon after lemon
We mix a little and wait.
another three minutes chicken rice
will be ready at the same time
Now we'll put the parsley
also mixing and salt and we leave
cook for another minute and the rice
is ready
in this other pot we go
add sesame quintet and
to the rice with a fork so that
he incorporates jasmine rice always
It is soaked we just run to you
know that this is the texture almost
rice ideal will close for them
stay a little bit longer
We'll be back soon to set up the
plate and now everything is ready
Jasmine rice with black sesame and
our super thai chicken to crewe the people
will fit in pockets because it's more
easy to eat people can
mix the flavors more easily by
Above all, we end up with a
bit of chopped cashew q
It was there at the beginning of our
people get a dinner synchronized and
quickly
enjoy your food